Original
Hello and welcome to world news today.
If you're looking for a new adventure,and have tens of thousands of dollars to spare, from next year you could book yourself a trip on the international space station.
Earlier on Friday NASA announced it will open up the international space station for tourism and other business ventures.
There will also be up to two short private missions per year.
We are enabling private astronaut missions to the international space station.
NASA will support up to two short duration private astronaut missions per year to the international space station beginning as early as 2020.
These missions will be privately funded,dedicated commercial space flights allowing approved commercial activities to be conducted on board the stations.
So now you know.
Well, Keith Cowing is an astrobiologist, former NASA employee who now edits the online blog NASA Watch.
Well, Keith, what do you make of this? Well,it is not surprising, NASA has had, or rather the space station has had, commercial visitors before,but it was always done through the Russians, and it was sort of an ad-hoc sort of thing.
Now NASA has decided to clarify what it would take to send, not only astronauts, but many other commercial things to the space station and the difference is that it is really clear now,it’s like having a brochure to go to a resort, you can tick off the things that you want to do,and then you write a check.
So, what is the incentive for doing it? Is to bring more private money into space research? Well, there’s a variety of things, so there has been an interest in commercializing the space station for many years.
Recently, with the announcement of NASA’s plans to go back to the moon, NASA has been looking for ways to offset some of its existing costs,although President Trump tweeted today that NASA shouldn’t be talking about going back to the moon,so, who knows, but it may have just changed, but that said, the though is that if you can move some of the regular routine things that we do closer to earth and then take some of funds saved,give those to NASA, they can go back to the old exploring a new frontier sort of thing.
So,it is sort of trying to re-balance the payments to get back to a bigger plan of exploration.

Simplified:
Hello and welcome to world news today.
If you want a new adventure and have a lot of money you could soon book a trip to the International Space Station.
On Friday, NASA announced it will open the International Space Station for tourism and business.
There will be up to two private missions per year.
"We are allowing private astronaut missions to the International Space Station. 
NASA will support up to two private missions per year starting as early as 2020.
These private missions will allow commercial activities on the station."
So now you know.
Keith Cowing is an astrobiologist and former NASA employee who edits the online blog NASA Watch.
Keith, what do you make of this?
It’s not surprising. The space station has had commercial visitors before by the Russians, but it was improvised.
Now NASA has clarified the process for doing commercial activities in the space station.
It’s clear now, like an advert for a resort where you can choose activities and then pay.
What’s the incentive? Bringing more private money into space research?
There has been interest in commercializing the space station for many years.
With NASA's plans to return to the moon, they are looking to offset some costs.
President Trump tweeted today that NASA shouldn’t talk about going back to the moon, so things might change.
The idea is to move routine activities closer to Earth, save money, and fund NASA's exploration of new frontiers.
It’s about re-balancing payments for a bigger plan of exploration.