Robert Zemeckis won the best director Oscar for which 1994 movie?
A) Forrest Gump, B) Speed, C) Pulp Fiction
You chose...
Forrest Gump
I think that's 1994.
I can't see Speed winning anything because it's a bad movie.
And Tarantino did Pulp Fiction.
The right answer is...
That's right, Forrest Gump. Step closer to home, well done.
The Chaser chose...
Yes, the first big team-up between Hanks and Zemeckis.
Yes, and Robert Zemeckis made his name with the loved "Back to the Future" movies.
Before doing this kind of stuff.
Excellent, here's your next question.
Turnkey is an old name for which job?
A) locksmith, B) clock maker, C) prison officer
You chose...
Prison officer
Yes, I knew this one, turnkey.
The right answer is...
It is prison officer, well done, step closer to home.
The Chaser chose...
Yes, it could be any, I've never heard of that. I've heard of a turnkey property, but not this term.
Here's your next question, very good.
Grayson Perry's "The Earl of Essex" is a portrait of which reality TV star in the style of a 17th-century miniature?
A) Rylan Clark Neil, B) James Argent, C) Mark Wright
You chose...
Rylan Clark Neal
I hoped Joey Essex would come up, might be too obvious but I have no idea, it's a guess.
The right answer is...
It is Rylan Clark Neil, well done, step closer to home.
The Chaser chose...
Goes wrong with Mark Wright, that's good for us, game opens up.
Here's your next question.
A desirable extra can be called the what on top?
A) blackberry, B) cherry, C) raspberry
You chose...
Cherry, yes, pretty obvious, quite easy.
The right answer is...
It is cherry, well done, step closer to home.
The Chaser chose...
Also goes with cherry, no problem, still four behind.
We're one from home, get this right you've had three tries for 36 grand, you're a very good player.
Here's your question.
In the show "Friends", Ross's pet Marcel was what type of monkey?
A) Capuchin, B) Macaque, or C) Vervet
You chose...
Capuchin, yes, a little black and white one, right?
To go through with nine grand, the right answer is...
It is Capuchin, well played.
